---
tags:
  - type/minutes
  - status/draft
created: 2026-05-21
date: 2026-05-21
owner:
next-meeting: 2026-06-04
---

# Meeting Notes - 2026-05-20

## Attendees
- Jesse, Zoe, Maxime (Smoothhop), Ben, Seasy, Lucy

## Agenda
Introductions (5 min)
Github space set up for meeting planning and minutes
May meetup review and notes (5 min) 
June/July/August meetups (15 min) - Speakers, venues, projects
Outreach team (15 min) 
Organizing on Github (10 min) - Managing tasks and work items in the open

## Discussion & Decisions

### Outreach
- Outreach
  - Mireille helping with the Facebook on a community level approach
  - Keep leverging LinkedIn that's doing well so far
  - SANAQ doesn't waive the fees for us
  - Reached out Professor Mod at Concordia. The professor is interested in talking more about the work. Lucy is going to follow up. Potential to explore the partnership more. 
  - Reached out to AGIR. Lots of broad questions about CTM. We need to look at how we approach collaborations like this in the future.

### June Meetup 
  - Maxime from Smoothhop joined. They are developing an alternate economic system. 
  - 2 Brique-par-brique projects and additional project might be started

Getting project momentum
  - Reminding people to book rooms outside of the space
  - Set up an only hacknight June 11?
  - Do we use the in-person time for building and online time for calls?
  - Keeping the time recurring. 
  - People were excited and interested following the last session of work
  - Action: Introduce the June 11 night. 

Questions for Max (Jesse)
  - Food restrictions 
  - Access updates for Zoom

Contributing 
  - Setup a contributing guide for general Civic Tech contributions 
  - Jesse to share in the organizing channel
  - Thumb up to proceed. Pull request style planning

### 

## Action Items
| Item | Owner | Due Date |
|------|-------|----------|
|Outreach|Zoe |June|
|Events|Jesse|June|
|Contributing.md|Jesse|June|

## Related Documents
- [Projects](Projects/_Projects.md)
- [Roles](Roles/_Roles.md)
- [Announcements](Announcements/_Announcements.md)
